📝 Improve wording in `SECURITY.md` (#15543)
fastapi/fastapi: SECURITY.md

I (the author, [@tiangolo](https://x.com/tiangolo)) will review it thoroughly and get back to you.

## Public Discussions

> Please refrain from publicly disclosing a potential security vulnerability. 🙊
> Kindly report it privately so it can be assessed and addressed responsibly, reducing any possible security impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refrain from publicly discussing a potential security vulnerability. 🙊

It's better to discuss privately and try to find a solution first, to limit the potential impact as much as possible.
```

I agree that "refrain" is more suitable than "restrain" here, but other changes are not necessary
